--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/1 About Murphy Laws Site (And Me)..pdf ---

About Murphy's Laws Site (And Me) 
 
About The Murphy's Laws Site 
I created my first page of Murphy's Laws in 1996, as part of my ISP home page. In 
1999 I moved it to its own domain, and it has been growing ever since.  
 
I have received many emails over the years, some with new laws, some with spelling 
corrections, some with requests for new categories, and some with thanks for the fun 
the site has brought.  
 
I have also received a number of emails asking for advice on how to live with 
Murphy's Law. I have answered these as best I can, and have now created a page 
with some of these thoughts. 
 
I hope you enjoy the site, and if you have any comments, please feel free to email 
me. 
 
About Me 
My name is (removed for privacy), and I live in (removed for privacy). I am a 
(removed for privacy) by trade, and have been working with computers for over 20 
years. 
 
I have always been fascinated by Murphy's Law, and have been collecting them for 
many years. I decided to create this web site to share my collection with the world. 
 
I hope you enjoy the site, and if you have any comments, please feel free to email 
me. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/10 Murphy's Laws - Living By Them?We are looking for your stories that….pdf ---

Murphy's Laws - Living By Them? 
We are looking for your stories that show Murphy's Law in action. 
Please email them to us at murphy@murphys-laws.com 
We will publish the best stories on our web site. 
If you wish to remain anonymous, please let us know. 
 
Here are some of our favorite stories so far: 
 
From: A Reader in the UK 
I was working on a project for a major client, and we were down to the wire. We had 
to deliver the final report by 5:00 PM on Friday, and it was already 4:00 PM. I was 
putting the finishing touches on the report, and I was just about to save it for the last 
time when the power went out. 
 
I was in a panic. I had been working on this report for weeks, and I didn't have a 
backup. I was sure that I was going to have to start all over again. 
 
I called the power company, and they told me that the power would be out for at least 
an hour. I was devastated. I was sure that I was going to miss my deadline. 
 
I was just about to give up when I remembered that I had a laptop in my car. I ran 
out to my car, and I was able to finish the report on my laptop. I delivered the report 
with only minutes to spare. 
 
I was so relieved that I had been able to finish the report on time. I was also very 
grateful that I had a laptop. I don't know what I would have done without it. 
 
From: A Reader in the US 
I was on my way to a job interview, and I was running late. I was driving as fast as I 
could, but I was still not going to make it on time. I was just about to give up when I 
saw a police car in my rearview mirror. 
 
I was sure that I was going to get a ticket. I was already late for my interview, and 
now I was going to have to deal with a ticket. I was so frustrated. 
 
I pulled over, and the police officer came to my window. He asked me why I was in 
such a hurry. I told him that I was on my way to a job interview, and I was running 
late. 
 
The police officer was very understanding. He told me that he would give me an 
escort to my interview. I was so grateful. I was able to make it to my interview on 
time, and I got the job. 
 
I was so relieved that I had been able to make it to my interview on time. I was also 
very grateful to the police officer who had helped me. I don't know what I would have 
done without him. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/11 Murphy's Laws Origin.pdf ---

Murphy's Law Origin 
 
There are many stories about the origin of Murphy's Law. The most popular story is 
that it was named after Captain Edward A. Murphy, an engineer working on a U.S. 
Air Force project in 1949. 
 
Captain Murphy was working on a project to see how much deceleration a person 
could withstand. He had designed a harness with 16 sensors to measure the force 
of the deceleration. There were two ways to attach the sensors to the harness, and 
someone had attached all 16 of them the wrong way. 
 
When Captain Murphy found out about the mistake, he said, "If there are two or 
more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then 
someone will do it." 
 
The project manager, George E. Nichols, called this "Murphy's Law." 
 
Another story is that Murphy's Law was named after a character in a 1940s radio 
show called "The Sad Sack." The Sad Sack was a bumbling soldier who was always 
getting into trouble. 
 
Whatever the origin, Murphy's Law has become a popular expression for anything 
that can go wrong, will go wrong. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/12 Murphy's Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Laws 
 
If anything can go wrong, it will. 
 
Nothing is as easy as it looks. 
 
Everything takes longer than you think. 
 
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the 
most damage will be the one to go wrong. 
 
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, 
and circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will promptly develop. 
 
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse. 
 
Whenever you set out to do something, something else must be done first. 
 
Every solution breeds new problems. 
 
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious. 
 
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw. 
 
Mother Nature is a bitch. 
 
It is impossible to know the length of a minute without knowing the side of the 
bathroom door you're on. 
 
If you're feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it. 
 
No matter how long or hard you shop for an item, after you've bought it, it will be on 
sale somewhere cheaper. 
 
Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something. 
 
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you just don't 
understand the seriousness of the situation. 
 
If you can't convince them, confuse them. 
 
If you can't win, arrange for a tie. 
 
If you can't get out of it, get into it. 
 
If you can't find it, it's not there. 
 
If you can't fix it, feature it. 
 
If you can't hide it, flaunt it. 
 
If you can't remember it, forget it. 
 
If you can't stop it, enjoy it. 
 
If you can't think of an answer, ask a question. 
 
If you can't understand it, it's obvious. 
 
If you can't see it, it's not there. 
 
If you can't sell it, sit on it. 
 
If you can't tell, it doesn't matter. 
 
If you can't win, change the rules. 
 
If you can't win, cheat. 
 
If you can't win, quit. 
 
If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost. 
 
If you don't do it, you don't get it. 
 
If you don't know what you're doing, do it neatly. 
 
If you don't want to get caught, don't do it. 
 
If you have a difficult task, give it to a lazy person -- they will find an easier way to 
do it. 
 
If you have to ask, you can't afford it. 
 
If you have to choose between two evils, pick the one you've never tried before. 
 
If you have to do something, do it. 
 
If you have to eat a frog, don't look at it too long. 
 
If you have to go, you have to go. 
 
If you have to lie, be brief. 
 
If you have to say something, say it. 
 
If you have to swallow a frog, don't look at it too long. 
 
If you have to tell a lie, make it a good one. 
 
If you have to walk on eggs, don't hop. 
 
If you have to, you have to. 
 
If you're in a hole, stop digging. 
 
If you're not confused, you're not paying attention. 
 
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. 
 
If you're not the lead dog, the scenery never changes. 
 
If you're not winning, you're losing. 
 
If you're not sure what to do, do nothing. 
 
If you're not supposed to do it, do it. 
 
If you're not willing to be a fool, you can't be a winner. 
 
If you're not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you're determined to learn, no 
one can stop you. 
 
If you're not willing to risk it all, you'll never have it all. 
 
If you're not willing to take a chance, you'll never have a chance. 
 
If you're not willing to work for it, you don't deserve it. 
 
If you're not willing to, you're not willing to. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not trying hard enough. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not playing the right game. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not supposed to be winning. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not supposed to be playing. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not supposed to be. 
 
If you're not winning, you're not. 
 
If you're not winning, you're. 
 
If you're not winning. 
 
If you're not. 
 
If you're. 
 
If. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/13 Murphy's Lotto Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Lotto Laws 
 
1. The more you need the money, the less chance you have of winning. 
2. The more numbers you play, the more numbers you will miss by one. 
3. The more you play the same numbers, the more you will be tempted to change 
them, and the more you will regret it when they come up the week after you 
change them. 
4. The more you play, the more you will lose. 
5. The more you lose, the more you will want to play. 
6. The more you want to play, the less money you will have to play with. 
7. The less money you have to play with, the more you will want to win. 
8. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
9. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
10. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
11. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
12. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
13. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
14. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
15. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
16. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
17. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
18. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
19. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
20. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
21. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
22. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
23. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
24. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
25. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
26. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
27. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
28. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
29. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
30. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
31. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
32. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
33. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
34. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
35. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
36. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
37. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
38. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
39. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
40. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
41. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
42. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
43. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
44. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
45. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
46. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
47. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
48. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
49. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
50. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
51. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
52. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
53. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
54. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
55. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
56. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
57. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
58. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
59. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
60. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
61. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
62. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
63. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
64. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
65. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
66. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
67. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
68. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
69. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
70. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
71. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
72. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
73. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
74. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
75. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
76. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
77. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
78. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
79. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
80. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
81. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
82. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
83. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
84. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
85. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
86. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
87. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
88. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
89. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
90. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
91. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
92. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
93. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
94. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
95. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
96. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 
97. The less chance you have of winning, the more you will want to play. 
98. The more you want to play, the more you will lose. 
99. The more you lose, the more you will want to win. 
100. The more you want to win, the less chance you have of winning. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/14 Murphy's Love Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Love Laws 
 
1. All the good ones are taken. 
2. If the person you're with is not the one you love, then the one you love is with 
someone else. 
3. The more you want someone, the more they will ignore you. 
4. The more you ignore someone, the more they will want you. 
5. The more you love someone, the more you will hurt them. 
6. The more you hurt someone, the more they will love you. 
7. The more you love someone, the more you will lose them. 
8. The more you lose someone, the more you will love them. 
9. The more you love someone, the more you will hate them. 
10. The more you hate someone, the more you will love them. 
11. The more you love someone, the more you will want to be with them. 
12. The more you want to be with someone, the more they will want to be with 
someone else. 
13. The more you want to be with someone, the more they will want to be alone. 
14. The more you want to be alone, the more someone will want to be with you. 
15. The more you want to be with someone, the more you will find reasons to be 
apart. 
16. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
17. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
18. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
19. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
20. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
21. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
22. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
23. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
24. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
25. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
26. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
27. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
28. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
29. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
30. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
31. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
32. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
33. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
34. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
35. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
36. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
37. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
38. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
39. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
40. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
41. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
42. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
43. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
44. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
45. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
46. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
47. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
48. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
49. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
50. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
51. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
52. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
53. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
54. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
55. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
56. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
57. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
58. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
59. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
60. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
61. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
62. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
63. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
64. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
65. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
66. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
67. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
68. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
69. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
70. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
71. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
72. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
73. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
74. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
75. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
76. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
77. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
78. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
79. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
80. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
81. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
82. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
83. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
84. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
85. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
86. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
87. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
88. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
89. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
90. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
91. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
92. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
93. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
94. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 
95. The more you want to be together, the more you will fight. 
96. The more you fight, the more you will love each other. 
97. The more you love each other, the more you will hurt each other. 
98. The more you hurt each other, the more you will want to be together. 
99. The more you want to be together, the more you will find reasons to be apart. 
100. The more you find reasons to be apart, the more you will want to be together. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/15 Murphy's Military Police Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Military Police Laws 
 
1. The only thing more dangerous than an armed Military Policeman is a 
disarmed Military Policeman. 
2. The only thing more dangerous than a disarmed Military Policeman is a 
disgruntled Military Policeman. 
3. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled Military Policeman is a 
disgruntled, disarmed Military Policeman. 
4. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed Military 
Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken Military Policeman. 
5. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken 
Military Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, armed Military 
Policeman. 
6. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed Military Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, armed, 
angry Military Policeman. 
7. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed, angry Military Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed, angry, bored Military Policeman. 
8. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed, angry, bored Military Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, 
drunken, armed, angry, bored, lonely Military Policeman. 
9. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed, angry, bored, lonely Military Policeman is a disgruntled, disarmed, 
drunken, armed, angry, bored, lonely, hungry Military Policeman. 
10. The only thing more dangerous than a disgruntled, disarmed, drunken, 
armed, angry, bored, lonely, hungry Military Policeman is a disgruntled, 
disarmed, drunken, armed, angry, bored, lonely, hungry, horny Military 
Policeman. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/16 Murphy's Miscellaneous Laws?Rental laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Miscellaneous Laws 
 
Rental Laws 
 
The first thing to break in a rental house is the thing that is most expensive to fix. 
 
The second thing to break is the thing that is most difficult to get to. 
 
The third thing to break is the thing that is not covered by the warranty. 
 
The fourth thing to break is the thing that is not covered by the insurance. 
 
The fifth thing to break is the thing that is not covered by the rental agreement. 
 
The sixth thing to break is the thing that is not covered by the landlord. 
 
The seventh thing to break is the thing that is not covered by the tenant. 
 
The eighth thing to break is the thing that is not covered by anyone. 
 
The ninth thing to break is the thing that is not broken. 
 
The tenth thing to break is the thing that is not. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/17 Murphy's Mothers Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Mothers Laws 
 
1. The more you want your child to do something, the less likely they are to do it. 
2. The more you want your child to not do something, the more likely they are to do 
it. 
3. The more you want your child to be quiet, the louder they will be. 
4. The more you want your child to be still, the more they will move. 
5. The more you want your child to eat, the less they will eat. 
6. The more you want your child to not eat, the more they will eat. 
7. The more you want your child to sleep, the more they will be awake. 
8. The more you want your child to be awake, the more they will sleep. 
9. The more you want your child to be clean, the dirtier they will be. 
10. The more you want your child to be dirty, the cleaner they will be. 
11. The more you want your child to be happy, the sadder they will be. 
12. The more you want your child to be sad, the happier they will be. 
13. The more you want your child to be good, the badder they will be. 
14. The more you want your child to be bad, the gooder they will be. 
15. The more you want your child to be like you, the more they will be like their 
father. 
16. The more you want your child to be like their father, the more they will be like 
you. 
17. The more you want your child to be a doctor, the more they will want to be a 
rock star. 
18. The more you want your child to be a rock star, the more they will want to be a 
doctor. 
19. The more you want your child to be a lawyer, the more they will want to be a 
clown. 
20. The more you want your child to be a clown, the more they will want to be a 
lawyer. 
21. The more you want your child to be a success, the more they will be a failure. 
22. The more you want your child to be a failure, the more they will be a success. 
23. The more you want your child to be a genius, the more they will be an idiot. 
24. The more you want your child to be an idiot, the more they will be a genius. 
25. The more you want your child to be a saint, the more they will be a sinner. 
26. The more you want your child to be a sinner, the more they will be a saint. 
27. The more you want your child to be a virgin, the more they will be a whore. 
28. The more you want your child to be a whore, the more they will be a virgin. 
29. The more you want your child to be a boy, the more they will be a girl. 
30. The more you want your child to be a girl, the more they will be a boy. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/18 Murphy's Nurses Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Nurses Laws 
 
1. The more you need a doctor, the less likely you are to find one. 
2. The more you need a nurse, the less likely you are to find one. 
3. The more you need a bed, the less likely you are to find one. 
4. The more you need a pill, the less likely you are to find one. 
5. The more you need a shot, the less likely you are to find one. 
6. The more you need a bandage, the less likely you are to find one. 
7. The more you need a glass of water, the less likely you are to find one. 
8. The more you need a bedpan, the less likely you are to find one. 
9. The more you need a urinal, the less likely you are to find one. 
10. The more you need a call button, the less likely you are to find one. 
11. The more you need a visitor, the less likely you are to have one. 
12. The more you need a phone, the less likely you are to have one. 
13. The more you need a TV, the less likely you are to have one. 
14. The more you need a book, the less likely you are to have one. 
15. The more you need a magazine, the less likely you are to have one. 
16. The more you need a newspaper, the less likely you are to have one. 
17. The more you need a radio, the less likely you a to have one. 
18. The more you need a window, the less likely you are to have one. 
19. The more you need a door, the less likely you are to have one. 
20. The more you need a bathroom, the less likely you are to have one. 
21. The more you need a shower, the less likely you are to have one. 
22. The more you need a bath, the less likely you are to have one. 
23. The more you need a sink, the less likely you are to have one. 
24. The more you need a toilet, the less likely you are to have one. 
25. The more you need a mirror, the less likely you are to have one. 
26. The more you need a comb, the less likely you are to have one. 
27. The more you need a brush, the less likely you are to have one. 
28. The more you need a toothbrush, the less likely you are to have one. 
29. The more you need a razor, the less likely you are to have one. 
30. The more you need a towel, the less likely you are to have one. 
31. The more you need a washcloth, the less likely you are to have one. 
32. The more you need a pillow, the less likely you are to have one. 
33. The more you need a blanket, the less likely you are to have one. 
34. The more you need a sheet, the less likely you are to have one. 
35. The more you need a gown, the less likely you are to have one. 
36. The more you need a slipper, the less likely you are to have one. 
37. The more you need a robe, the less likely you are to have one. 
38. The more you need a sock, the less likely you are to have one. 
39. The more you need a shoe, the less likely you are to have one. 
40. The more you need a crutch, the less likely you are to have one. 
41. The more you need a cane, the less likely you are to have one. 
42. The more you need a walker, the less likely you are to have one. 
43. The more you need a wheelchair, the less likely you are to have one. 
44. The more you need a stretcher, the less likely you are to have one. 
45. The more you need an ambulance, the less likely you are to have one. 
46. The more you need a helicopter, the less likely you are to have one. 
47. The more you need a plane, the less likely you are to have one. 
48. The more you need a train, the less likely you are to have one. 
49. The more you need a bus, the less likely you are to have one. 
50. The more you need a car, the less likely you are to have one. 
51. The more you need a taxi, the less likely you are to have one. 
52. The more you need a ride, the less likely you are to have one. 
53. The more you need a friend, the less likely you are to have one. 
54. The more you need a relative, the less likely you are to have one. 
55. The more you need a stranger, the less likely you are to have one. 
56. The more you need a priest, the less likely you are to have one. 
57. The more you need a rabbi, the less likely you are to have one. 
58. The more you need a minister, the less likely you are to have one. 
59. The more you need a lawyer, the less likely you are to have one. 
60. The more you need a banker, the less likely you are to have one. 
61. The more you need a politician, the less likely you are to have one. 
62. The more you need a policeman, the less likely you are to have one. 
63. The more you need a fireman, the less likely you are to have one. 
64. The more you need a soldier, the less likely you are to have one. 
65. The more you need a sailor, the less likely you are to have one. 
66. The more you need a marine, the less likely you are to have one. 
67. The more you need an airman, the less likely you are to have one. 
68. The more you need a coast guardsman, the less likely you are to have one. 
69. The more you need a merchant mariner, the less likely you are to have one. 
70. The more you need a spy, the less likely you are to have one. 
71. The more you need a hero, the less likely you are to have one. 
72. The more you need a villain, the less likely you are to have one. 
73. The more you need a victim, the less likely you are to have one. 
74. The more you need a witness, the less likely you are to have one. 
75. The more you need a suspect, the less likely you are to have one. 
76. The more you need a clue, the less likely you are to have one. 
77. The more you need a motive, the less likely you are to have one. 
78. The more you need an alibi, the less likely you are to have one. 
79. The more you need a confession, the less likely you are to have one. 
80. The more you need a conviction, the less likely you are to have one. 
81. The more you need an acquittal, the less likely you are to have one. 
82. The more you need a pardon, the less likely you are to have one. 
83. The more you need a parole, the less likely you are to have one. 
84. The more you need a furlough, the less likely you are to have one. 
85. The more you need a pass, the less likely you are to have one. 
86. The more you need a leave, the less likely you are to have one. 
87. The more you need a discharge, the less likely you are to have one. 
88. The more you need a pension, the less likely you are to have one. 
89. The more you need a job, the less likely you are to have one. 
90. The more you need a home, the less likely you are to have one. 
91. The more you need a family, the less likely you are to have one. 
92. The more you need a friend, the less likely you are to have one. 
93. The more you need a lover, the less likely you are to have one. 
94. The more you need a spouse, the less likely you are to have one. 
95. The more you need a child, the less likely you are to have one. 
96. The more you need a pet, the less likely you are to have one. 
97. The more you need a plant, the less likely you are to have one. 
98. The more you need a hobby, the less likely you are to have one. 
99. The more you need a vacation, the less likely you are to have one. 
100. The more you need a life, the less likely you are to have one. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/19 Murphy's Photography Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Photography Laws 
 
1. The best shots are taken with the lens cap on. 
2. The best shots are taken when you are out of film. 
3. The best shots are taken when the batteries are dead. 
4. The best shots are taken when you are in a hurry. 
5. The best shots are taken when you are not looking. 
6. The best shots are taken when you are not ready. 
7. The best shots are taken when you are not supposed to be taking pictures. 
8. The best shots are taken when you are in a bad mood. 
9. The best shots are taken when you are in a good mood. 
10. The best shots are taken when you are tired. 
11. The best shots are taken when you are wide awake. 
12. The best shots are taken when you are drunk. 
13. The best shots are taken when you are sober. 
14. The best shots are taken when you are in love. 
15. The best shots are taken when you are out of love. 
16. The best shots are taken when you are happy. 
17. The best shots are taken when you are sad. 
18. The best shots are taken when you are angry. 
19. The best shots are taken when you are calm. 
20. The best shots are taken when you are excited. 
21. The best shots are taken when you are bored. 
22. The best shots are taken when you are inspired. 
23. The best shots are taken when you are not inspired. 
24. The best shots are taken when you are in a crowd. 
25. The best shots are taken when you are alone. 
26. The best shots are taken when you are in a beautiful place. 
27. The best shots are taken when you are in an ugly place. 
28. The best shots are taken when you are in a familiar place. 
29. The best shots are taken when you are in a strange place. 
30. The best shots are taken when you are in a safe place. 
31. The best shots are taken when you are in a dangerous place. 
32. The best shots are taken when you are in a quiet place. 
33. The best shots are taken when you are in a noisy place. 
34. The best shots are taken when you are in a dark place. 
35. The best shots are taken when you are in a light place. 
36. The best shots are taken when you are in a hot place. 
37. The best shots are taken when you are in a cold place. 
38. The best shots are taken when you are in a wet place. 
39. The best shots are taken when you are in a dry place. 
40. The best shots are taken when you are in a high place. 
41. The best shots are taken when you are in a low place. 
42. The best shots are taken when you are in a moving vehicle. 
43. The best shots are taken when you are standing still. 
44. The best shots are taken when you are looking up. 
45. The best shots are taken when you are looking down. 
46. The best shots are taken when you are looking straight ahead. 
47. The best shots are taken when you are looking behind you. 
48. The best shots are taken when you are looking to the side. 
49. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a window. 
50. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a keyhole. 
51. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a telescope. 
52. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a microscope. 
53. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a periscope. 
54. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a kaleidoscope. 
55. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a crystal ball. 
56. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a glass bottom boat. 
57. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a rear view mirror. 
58. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a one way mirror. 
59. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a two way mirror. 
60. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a fun house mirror. 
61. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a broken mirror. 
62. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a dirty mirror. 
63. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a clean mirror. 
64. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a steamed up mirror. 
65. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a fogged up mirror. 
66. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a cracked mirror. 
67. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a shattered mirror. 
68. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a magic mirror. 
69. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a talking mirror. 
70. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a singing mirror. 
71. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a dancing mirror. 
72. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a laughing mirror. 
73. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a crying mirror. 
74. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a screaming mirror. 
75. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a whispering mirror. 
76. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a yelling mirror. 
77. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a moaning mirror. 
78. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a groaning mirror. 
79. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a sighing mirror. 
80. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a burping mirror. 
81. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a farting mirror. 
82. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a snoring mirror. 
83. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a sneezing mirror. 
84. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a coughing mirror. 
85. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a hiccuping mirror. 
86. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a yawning mirror. 
87. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a blinking mirror. 
88. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a winking mirror. 
89. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a staring mirror. 
90. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a glaring mirror. 
91. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a squinting mirror. 
92. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a frowning mirror. 
93. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a smiling mirror. 
94. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a grinning mirror. 
95. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a smirking mirror. 
96. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a pouting mirror. 
97. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a sneering mirror. 
98. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a leering mirror. 
99. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a jeering mirror. 
100. The best shots are taken when you are looking through a peering mirror. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/2 Murphy's Bus Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Bus Laws 
 
1. The bus is always late, except when you are. 
2. The bus is always full, except when you have a lot of packages. 
3. The bus is always going the wrong way, except when you are. 
4. The bus is always on the other side of the street, except when you are. 
5. The bus is always at the other end of the block, except when you are. 
6. The bus is always in the other lane, except when you are. 
7. The bus is always in the other dimension, except when you are. 
8. The bus is always in the other universe, except when you are. 
9. The bus is always in the other reality, except when you are. 
10. The bus is always in the other timeline, except when you are. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/20 Murphy's Real Estat Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Real Estate Laws 
 
1. The best time to buy a house is last year. 
2. The best time to sell a house is next year. 
3. The best time to build a house is never. 
4. The best house is the one you can't afford. 
5. The best neighborhood is the one you can't get into. 
6. The best school district is the one you can't get your kids into. 
7. The best view is the one you can't see from your house. 
8. The best yard is the one you don't have to mow. 
9. The best pool is the one you don't have to clean. 
10. The best neighbors are the ones who live far away. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/21 Murphy's Sewing Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Sewing Laws 
 
1. The fabric you want is always on the bottom of the pile. 
2. The pattern you want is always out of stock. 
3. The thread you need is always the one you don't have. 
4. The needle you need is always the one that's bent. 
5. The scissors you need are always the ones that are dull. 
6. The pins you need are always the ones that are rusty. 
7. The seam ripper you need is always the one that's lost. 
8. The bobbin you need is always the one that's empty. 
9. The iron you need is always the one that's cold. 
10. The sewing machine you need is always the one that's broken. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/22 Murphy's Teaching Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Teaching Laws 
 
1. The students who are the most disruptive are the ones who are the most likely to 
be in your class. 
2. The students who are the most likely to be in your class are the ones who are the 
most likely to be absent. 
3. The students who are the most likely to be absent are the ones who are the most 
likely to need your help. 
4. The students who are the most likely to need your help are the ones who are the 
most likely to be in the wrong class. 
5. The students who are the most likely to be in the wrong class are the ones who 
are the most likely to be in the wrong school. 
6. The students who are the most likely to be in the wrong school are the ones who 
are the most likely to be in the wrong district. 
7. The students who are the most likely to be in the wrong district are the ones who 
are the most likely to be in the wrong state. 
8. The students who are the most likely to be in the wrong state are the ones who 
are the most likely to be in the wrong country. 
9. The students who are the most likely to be in the wrong country are the ones who 
are the most likely to be on the wrong planet. 
10. The students who are the most likely to be on the wrong planet are the ones who 
are the most likely to be in the wrong galaxy. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/23 Murphy's Technology Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Technology Laws 
 
1. If you can't fix it, you haven't got a big enough hammer. 
2. The first place to look for information is in the section of the manual you least 
expect. 
3. The most important piece of information is in the one document you can't find. 
4. The most important document is the one you threw away. 
5. The most important person is the one you can't reach. 
6. The most important number is the one you can't remember. 
7. The most important password is the one you forgot. 
8. The most important file is the one you deleted. 
9. The most important email is the one you can't open. 
10. The most important website is the one that's down. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/24 Murphy's Toddlers Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Toddlers Laws 
 
1. The more you want your toddler to do something, the less likely they are to do it. 
2. The more you want your toddler to not do something, the more likely they are to 
do it. 
3. The more you want your toddler to be quiet, the louder they will be. 
4. The more you want your toddler to be still, the more they will move. 
5. The more you want your toddler to eat, the less they will eat. 
6. The more you want your toddler to not eat, the more they will eat. 
7. The more you want your toddler to sleep, the more they will be awake. 
8. The more you want your toddler to be awake, the more they will sleep. 
9. The more you want your toddler to be clean, the dirtier they will be. 
10. The more you want your toddler to be dirty, the cleaner they will be. 
11. The more you want your toddler to be happy, the sadder they will be. 
12. The more you want your toddler to be sad, the happier they will be. 
13. The more you want your toddler to be good, the badder they will be. 
14. The more you want your toddler to be bad, the gooder they will be. 
15. The more you want your toddler to be a boy, the more they will be a girl. 
16. The more you want your toddler to be a girl, the more they will be a boy. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/25 Murphy's Volunteer Bushfire Brigade Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Volunteer Bushfire Brigade Laws 
 
1. The fire is always on the other side of the hill. 
2. The wind is always blowing the wrong way. 
3. The water is always on the other side of the fire. 
4. The hose is always too short. 
5. The nozzle is always the wrong size. 
6. The pump is always out of fuel. 
7. The radio is always dead. 
8. The map is always out of date. 
9. The compass is always broken. 
10. The GPS is always out of batteries. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/26 Murphy's War Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's War Laws 
 
1. If it's stupid and it works, it ain't stupid. 
2. Don't look conspicuous, it draws fire. 
3. Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you. 
4. Never forget that your weapon was made by the lowest bidder. 
5. The enemy invariably attacks on two occasions: when they're ready and when 
you're not. 
6. No plan survives contact with the enemy. 
7. The important things are always simple. 
8. The simple things are always hard. 
9. The easy way is always mined. 
10. If you are short of everything but the enemy, you are in a combat zone. 
11. When you have secured an area, don't forget to tell the enemy. 
12. Never draw fire, it irritates everyone around you. 
13. If your attack is going really well, it's an ambush. 
14. The enemy diversion you are ignoring is the main attack. 
15. The enemy never watches until you make a mistake. 
16. One enemy soldier is never enough, but two is always too many. 
17. A clean battlefield is a happy battlefield. 
18. The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire. 
19. If the enemy is in range, so are you. 
20. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog. 
21. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog. 
22. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight. 
23. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog in the fight. 
24. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog in the fight in the 
dog. 
25. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog in the 
fight. 
26. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog in the fight in the 
dog in the fight. 
27. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog in the 
fight in the dog. 
28. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog in the fight in the 
dog in the fight in the dog. 
29. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog in the 
fight in the dog in the fight. 
30. It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the dog in the fight in the 
dog in the fight in the dog in the fight. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/3 Murphy's Cars Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Cars Laws 
 
1. The other line always moves faster. 
2. The one you want is always in the back. 
3. The one you want is always the most expensive. 
4. The one you want is always the one that's sold. 
5. The one you want is always the one that's not on sale. 
6. The one you want is always the one that's not in your size. 
7. The one you want is always the one that's not in your color. 
8. The one you want is always the one that's not in your style. 
9. The one you want is always the one that's not in your brand. 
10. The one you want is always the one that's not in your store. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/4 Murphy's Commerce Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Commerce Laws 
 
1. The other line always moves faster. 
2. The one you want is always in the back. 
3. The one you want is always the most expensive. 
4. The one you want is always the one that's sold. 
5. The one you want is always the one that's not on sale. 
6. The one you want is always the one that's not in your size. 
7. The one you want is always the one that's not in your color. 
8. The one you want is always the one that's not in your style. 
9. The one you want is always the one that's not in your brand. 
10. The one you want is always the one that's not in your store. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/5 Murphy's Computers Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Computers Laws 
 
1. If it works, it's obsolete. 
2. If it's obsolete, it's not supported. 
3. If it's not supported, it's not documented. 
4. If it's not documented, it's not used. 
5. If it's not used, it's not needed. 
6. If it's not needed, it's not for sale. 
7. If it's not for sale, it's not available. 
8. If it's not available, it's not made. 
9. If it's not made, it's not invented. 
10. If it's not invented, it's not possible. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/6 Murphy's Cops Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Cops Laws 
 
1. The more you want to be a cop, the less likely you are to be one. 
2. The more you want to be a detective, the less likely you are to be one. 
3. The more you want to be a sergeant, the less likely you are to be one. 
4. The more you want to be a lieutenant, the less likely you are to be one. 
5. The more you want to be a captain, the less likely you are to be one. 
6. The more you want to be a chief, the less likely you are to be one. 
7. The more you want to be a hero, the less likely you are to be one. 
8. The more you want to be a villain, the less likely you are to be one. 
9. The more you want to be a victim, the less likely you are to be one. 
10. The more you want to be a witness, the less likely you are to be one. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/7 Murphy's Cowboy Action Shooting (CAS) Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Cowboy Action Shooting (CAS) Laws 
 
1. The more you practice, the luckier you get. 
2. The more you clean your guns, the more they will jam. 
3. The more you reload, the more you will have duds. 
4. The more you shoot, the more you will miss. 
5. The more you miss, the more you will want to shoot. 
6. The more you want to shoot, the more you will have to wait. 
7. The more you have to wait, the more you will want to shoot. 
8. The more you want to shoot, the more you will have to pay. 
9. The more you have to pay, the more you will want to shoot. 
10. The more you want to shoot, the more you will have to clean your guns. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/8 Murphy's EMT Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's EMT Laws 
 
1. The more you need a doctor, the less likely you are to find one. 
2. The more you need a nurse, the less likely you are to find one. 
3. The more you need a paramedic, the less likely you are to find one. 
4. The more you need an EMT, the less likely you are to find one. 
5. The more you need an ambulance, the less likely you are to find one. 
6. The more you need a hospital, the less likely you are to find one. 
7. The more you need a bed, the less likely you are to find one. 
8. The more you need a pill, the less likely you are to find one. 
9. The more you need a shot, the less likely you are to find one. 
10. The more you need a bandage, the less likely you are to find one. 


--- /Users/ravidor/personal-dev/murphys-laws/Murphys_Laws_Docs/9 Murphy's Graphic Design Laws.pdf ---

Murphy's Graphic Design Laws 
 
1. The client is always right. 
2. The client is always wrong. 
3. The client always wants it yesterday. 
4. The client always wants it cheaper. 
5. The client always wants it bigger. 
6. The client always wants it smaller. 
7. The client always wants it in a different color. 
8. The client always wants it in a different font. 
9. The client always wants it in a different layout. 
10. The client always wants it in a different file format. 

